feat(docs): new landing page (#34)
offlegacy/event-tracker: docs/src/content/en/docs/installation.mdx

# Installation

> Event Tracker is a library designed to simplify event tracking in React applications. It supports versions `React 18.0.0` and higher.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Event Tracker is a library designed to simplify event tracking in React applications. It supports versions `React 16.8.0` and higher.
```
All of React APIs that we use, are supported since `16.8.0`
